Update supportedruntime-element.md (#11803)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/startup/supportedruntime-element.md

---
# \<supportedRuntime> Element

> Specifies which versions of the common language runtime and, optionally, .NET Framework release the application supports.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies which common language runtime version and, optionally, .NET Framework version the application supports.  
```

> [!NOTE]
>  If you use the [CorBindToRuntimeByCfg](../../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/hosting/corbindtoruntimebycfg-function.md) function to specify the configuration file, you must use the `<requiredRuntime>` element for all versions of the runtime. The `<supportedRuntime>` element is ignored when you use [CorBindToRuntimeByCfg](../../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/hosting/corbindtoruntimebycfg-function.md).  
  

> For apps that support versions of the runtime from the .NET Framework 1.1 through 3.5, when multiple versions of the runtime are supported, the first element should specify the most preferred version of the runtime, and the last element should specify the least preferred version. For apps that support the .NET Framework 4.0 or later versions, the `version` attribute indicates the CLR version, which is common to the .NET Framework 4 and later versions, and the `sku` attribute indicates single .NET Framework version that the app targets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For apps that support versions of the runtime from the .NET Framework 1.1 through 3.5, when multiple versions of the runtime are supported, the first element should specify the most preferred version of the runtime, and the last element should specify the least preferred version. For apps that support the .NET Framework 4.0 or later versions, the `version` attribute indicates the CLR version, which is common to the .NET Framework 4 and later versions, and the `sku` attribute indicates the single .NET Framework version that the app targets. 
```

> If the **\<supportedRuntime>** element with the `sku` attribute is present in the configration file and the installed .NET Framework version is lower then the specified supported version, the application will fail to run and instead display the message asking to install the supported version. Otherwise, the application will attempt to run on any installed version, and can possibly crash or behave unexpectedly if it is not compatible with that version. Therefore, it is recommended to include this element in the application configuration file for the easier error diagnostics (the configuration file automatically generated by Visual Studio when creating new project already contains it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the **\<supportedRuntime>** element with the `sku` attribute is present in the configuration file and the installed .NET Framework version is lower then the specified supported version, the application fails to run and instead displays a message asking to install the supported version. Otherwise, the application attempts to run on any installed version, but it may behave unexpectedly if it is not fully compatible with that version. (For compatibility differences between versions of .NET Framework, see [Application compatibility in the .NET Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/migration-guide/application-compatibility).) Therefore, we recommend that you include this element in the application configuration file for easier error diagnostics. (The configuration file automatically generated by Visual Studio when creating a new project already contains it.)
```
